op-guide: clarify offline behavior (#798)
pingcap/docs: op-guide/horizontal-scale.md

You can verify the state of this store using `state_name`:

  - Up: This store is in service.
  - Disconnected: The heartbeats of this store cannot be detected currently, which might be caused by a failure or network interruption.
  - Down: PD does not receive heartbeats from the TiKV store for more than an hour (the time can be configured using `max-down-time`). At this time, PD adds a replica for the data on this store.

>   - Offline: The store is in the process of transferring its regions to other nodes. The state name is mis-leading: the store is available and even continuing to lead some of its regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Offline: The store is in the process of transferring its Regions to other nodes. The state name is misleading: the store is available and even continuing to lead some of its Regions.
```
